SystemModelling.md, before:

# Systems Modelling

## Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#Introduction)
2. [Systems Models](#Systems-Models)
3. [UML Models](#UML-Models)
4. [System Architecture](#System-Architecture)
5. [Documentation and Explanation](#Documentation-and-Explanation)
6. [Conclusion](#Conclusion)
7. [References](#References)

## Introduction

This document aims to provide a detailed guide on how the systems modelling process that has gone behind the job search application.
The document aims to outline the architecture and implementation fo the system, with the designs of the application and how it will look being help in Designs.md file.
We aim to create a comprehensive job recruitment app that allows two sets of users, the first being the recruiter the second being a job-seeker.

The app aims to allow Recruiters to post jobs, look at metrics such as how many users applied and how many users viewed the job, as well as amend the job details if necessary.
Meanwhile, job-seekers can create a profile, store documentation like CV's and apply for job postings.

To meet the necessary complexity of the project the application will have a front end that is designed and created using React.JS in order to provide a dynamic and interactive interface that actively engages the users.

**Harry to do backend intro** 

## Systems Models

## UML Models

## System Architecture

## Documentation and Explanation

## Conclusion

## References
```
```

Commit message:

Writing the overview intro for systemsModelling.Md

SystemModelling.md, after:

# Systems Modelling

## Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#Introduction)
2. [Systems Models](#Systems-Models)
3. [UML Models](#UML-Models)
4. [System Architecture](#System-Architecture)
5. [Documentation and Explanation](#Documentation-and-Explanation)
6. [Conclusion](#Conclusion)
7. [References](#References)

## Introduction

This document aims to provide a detailed guide on how the systems modelling process that has gone behind the job search application.
The document aims to outline the architecture and implementation fo the system, with the designs of the application and how it will look being help in Designs.md file.
We aim to create a comprehensive job recruitment app that allows two sets of users, the first being the recruiter the second being a job-seeker.

The app aims to allow Recruiters to post jobs, look at metrics such as how many users applied and how many users viewed the job, as well as amend the job details if necessary.
Meanwhile, job-seekers can create a profile, store documentation like CV's and apply for job postings.

To meet the necessary complexity of the project the application will have a front end that is designed and created using React.JS in order to provide a dynamic and interactive interface that actively engages the users.

**Harry to do backend intro** 

## Systems Models

### Overview
The systems models section is used to highlight how the application will connect job-seekers and recruiters together in a smooth and seamless manner.
These systems are made up of several complicated components and sections that need to work together in order to provide a flawless and immersive user experience while maintaining the key functionality.
To help explain the systems models, we split the models into three main categories, the first being the **Frontend**, the second being the **Backend**, and the third being the **Database**.
Each section will have a detailed explanation of how the system works and how it interacts with the other systems, why a certain framework or methodology was chosen, and how it will be implemented.


## UML Models

## System Architecture

## Documentation and Explanation

## Conclusion

## References
```
```
